Add more configuration options for JWT Auth Backend (#1244)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-vault: website/docs/r/jwt_auth_backend.html.md

* `oidc_client_secret` - (Optional) Client Secret used for OIDC backends

> * `oidc_response_mode` - (Optional) The response mode to be used in the OAuth2 request. Allowed values are 'query' and 'form_post'. Defaults to 'query'. If using Vault namespaces, and oidc_response_mode is 'form_post', then 'namespace_in_state' should be set to false.

Reviewer: Use `code` syntax for field names and values:

```suggestion
* `oidc_response_mode` - (Optional) The response mode to be used in the OAuth2 request. Allowed values are `query` and `form_post`. Defaults to `query`. If using Vault namespaces, and `oidc_response_mode` is `form_post`, then `namespace_in_state` should be set to `false`.
```

> * `oidc_response_types` - (Optional) List of response types to request. Allowed values are 'code' and 'id_token'. Defaults to `["code"]`. Note: 'id_token' may only be used if 'oidc_response_mode' is set to 'form_post'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `oidc_response_types` - (Optional) List of response types to request. Allowed values are 'code' and 'id_token'. Defaults to `["code"]`. Note: `id_token` may only be used if `oidc_response_mode` is set to `form_post`.
```
